Add Native Image Oracle JDBC demos (#395)
graalvm/graalvm-demos: native-image/databases/oracle-jdbc-local/README.md

Running the application as a native executable provides faster startup time and a lower memory footprint compared to running on the JVM.

## Clean the Table Data

If you run this demo multiple times, the table will keep growing.
To remove all rows from the demo table, connect to the database:
```bash
docker exec -it oracle-free sqlplus appuser/apppassword@FREEPDB1
```
Then reset:
```sql
TRUNCATE TABLE demo_events;
```

To drop the table entirely instead of clearing it:
```sql
DROP TABLE demo_events;
```

### Summary

The configuration required to make a database application ready for Native Image AOT compilation depends on a connection type.

The **Oracle JDBC driver works with GraalVM Native Image without any additional configuration** in this demo.
This works because the driver class (`oracle.jdbc.OracleDriver`) is explicitly referenced, and the application does not rely on dynamic class loading or reflection-heavy frameworks.
Issues may appear if you:
- Use connection pools (for example, Oracle UCP)
- Introduce ORMs (for example, Hibernate)
- Add schema management tools (for example, Flyway or Liquibase)
- Load drivers dynamically

> For a remote connection to a production database such as Oracle Autonomous Database, or Oracle Database on-prem,  it will require extra steps for making this type of application "Native Image ready", which is demonstrated in separate projects in this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For remote connections to production databases, such as Oracle Autonomous Database or Oracle Database on-premises, additional Native Image configuration may be required. The other demos in this directory show those setups.
```
